We the students who are a team of 3 people (Ananya Chowdary, Sai Pranav, Sumanth) did this project CHATBOT FOR PREGNANT WOMEN as our academic major project. 
CHATBOT FOR PREGNANT WOMEN is something that helps pregnant women and their families by solving their queries.
Artificial intelligence is transforming healthcare with a profound paradigm shift impacting diagnostic techniques, drug discovery, health analytics, interventions and much more. In this paper we focus on exploiting AI-based chatbot systems, mainly based on machine learning algorithms and Natural Language Processing, to understand and respond to needs of patients and their families. In particular, we describe an application scenario for an AI-chatbot delivering support to pregnant women, mothers, and families with young children, by giving them help and instructions in relevant situations. Medical services are basic needs for human life although they normally have limited resources.Modern technologies are utilized for increasing service capability and decreasing the operation cost. Auto-response system or chatbot, which is widely known in the field of online businesses, can be applied to the medical services. Therefore, the objective of this work is to implement the medical consultant system service by using chatbot Technology. In this project we focus on exploiting AI-based chatbot systems, mainly based on machine learning algorithms and Natural Language Processing, to understand and respond to needs of patients and their families. In particular, we describe an application scenario for an AI-chatbot delivering support to pregnant women, mothers, and families with young children, by giving them help and instructions in relevant situations.
